A flash crowd attack (FCA)  floods a service, such as a Web server, with well-formed requests, generated by numerous bots. FCA traffic is difficult to filter, since individual attack and legitimate service requests look identical. We propose robust and reliable models of human interaction with server, which can identify and block a wide variety of bots. We implement the models in a system called FRADE, and evaluate them on three Web servers with different server applications and content. Our results show that FRADE detects both naive and sophisticated bots within seconds, and successfully filters out attack traffic. FRADE significantly raises the bar for a successful attack, by forcing attackers to deploy at least three orders of magnitude larger botnets than today. 

https://steel.isi.edu/Projects/frade/

https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8888105


Authors:

PI: Jelena Mirkovic, Genevieve Bartlett

Students: Rajat Tandon, Abhinav Palia, Jaydeep Ramani, Brandon Paulsen

=======================================================================

Acknowledgement: This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. 1319215. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.


=======================================================================


 Copyright (C) 2021 University of Southern California.

 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
 modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License,
 version 2, as published by the Free Software Foundation.

 This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 GNU General Public License for more details.

 You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
 with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
